docs: 01-10-2025 changelog (#2687)
neondatabase/website: content/changelog/2025-01-10.md

---
description: Postgres 17 default, pg_cron, new connection limits, Neon for AI Agents, and more
---

🎉 **Happy New Year, everyone!** 🎉

We're excited to kick off 2025 and let you know that we're shipping again! 🚢 Here's to an amazing year ahead. Let's go!

### Postgres 17 for newly created Neon projects

![Create PG17 project](/docs/relnotes/create_project_17.png)

Postgres 17 is now the default for newly created Neon projects. Neon continues to support Postgres 14, 15, and 16, if you prefer to stick with those. For Neon's Postgres version support policy, see [Postgres Version Support](https://neon.tech/docs/postgresql/postgres-version-policy).

### Support for pg_cron

> The Postgres `pg_cron` extension is now available on paid Neon plans upon request. This extension lets you schedule and manage periodic jobs directly in your Postgres database. To enable `pg_cron`, [open a support ticket](https://console.neon.tech/app/projects?modal=support) and include your endpoint ID and the database name where you'd like the extension enabled. A compute restart will be required to make it available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Postgres `pg_cron` extension is now available on paid Neon plans upon request. This extension lets you schedule and manage periodic jobs directly in your Postgres database. To enable `pg_cron`, [open a support ticket](https://console.neon.tech/app/projects?modal=support) and include your endpoint ID and the database name where you'd like the extension enabled. Once added, you'll need to restart your compute to make it available.
```

### Higher connection limits for autoscaling configurations

> In Postgres, the `max_connections` setting controls the maximum number of simultaneous client connections the database server can handle. In Neon, this setting is configured based on your compute size. With Neon's autoscaling feature, `max_connections` is now defined by your maximum compute size rather than your minimum compute size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Postgres, the `max_connections` setting controls the maximum number of simultaneous client connections the database server can handle. In Neon, this setting is configured based on your compute size. With Neon's autoscaling feature, **max_connections is now defined by your maximum compute size** rather than your minimum compute size.
```

Reviewer: Just a suggestion to add a bit of emphasis

[AgentStack](https://github.com/AgentOps-AI/AgentStack) lets you create AI agent projects from the command line. The Neon tool allows agents to create ephemeral or long-lived Postgres instances for structured data storage. View the Neon tool [here](https://github.com/AgentOps-AI/AgentStack/blob/main/agentstack/templates/crewai/tools/neon_tool.py) to see how an AI agent can create a Neon database in less than 500 ms, connect to the database, and run SQL DDL and DML statements.

```python
@tool("Create Neon Project and Database")
def create_database(project_name: str) -> str:
  """
  Creates a new Neon project. (this takes less than 500ms)
  Args:
      project_name: Name of the project to create
  Returns:
      the connection URI for the new project
  """
  try:
      project = neon_client.project_create(project={"name": project_name}).project
      connection_uri = neon_client.connection_uri(
          project_id=project.id, database_name="neondb", role_name="neondb_owner"
      ).uri
      return f"Project/database created, connection URI: {connection_uri}"
  except Exception as e:
      return f"Failed to create project: {str(e)}"
```

> [Composio](https://composio.dev/) lets you connect 200+ tools to AI Agents — and it now supports Neon, enabling full integration between LLMs and AI agents and Neon's API.

Author: You can find the integration [here](https://composio.dev/tools?search=neon).

> [Composio](https://composio.dev/) lets you connect 200+ tools to AI Agents — and it now supports Neon, enabling full integration between LLMs and AI agents and Neon's API.

Author: ```suggestion
[Composio](https://composio.dev/) lets you connect 200+ tools to AI Agents — and it now supports Neon, enabling full integration between LLMs and AI agents and Neon's API. You can find the integration [here](https://composio.dev/tools?search=neon).
```
